README.md, before:

![logo](docs/img/logo.png)

Logo design by [Roy Quilor](https://www.quilor.com/) is licensed under [CC BY-NC 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0)

# Archivy

Archivy is a self-hosted knowledge repository that allows you to safely preserve useful content that contributes to your own personal, searchable and extensible wiki.

Features:

- If you add bookmarks, their web-pages contents' will be saved to ensure that you will **always** have access to it, following the idea of [digital preservation](https://jeffhuang.com/designed_to_last/).
- Login module that allows you to host the service on a server
- Plugin system to allow people to publish and write extensions to archivy
- Notes are stored in an extended markdown format with footnotes, LaTeX math rendering, syntax highlighting and more. 
- CLI that provides a nice backend interface to the app
- [Git integration](https://github.com/archivy/archivy-git)
- Backend API for flexibility and user enhancements
- Everything is a file! For ease of access and editing, all the content is stored in markdown files with yaml front matter.
- Extensible search with Elasticsearch and its Query DSL
- Dark Theme


[demo video](https://www.uzpg.me/assets/images/archivy.mov)


Upcoming:

- Links between different knowledge base items
- Multi User System with permission setup.
- Option to compile data to a static site.

## Quickstart


Install archivy with `pip install archivy`. Other installations methods are listed [here](https://archivy.github.io/install)

Then run this and enter a password to create a new user:

```bash
$ archivy create-admin <username>
```

Finally, execute `archivy run` to serve the app. You can open it at https://localhost:5000 and login with the credentials you entered before.

You can then use archivy to create notes, bookmarks and then organize and store information.

See the [official docs](https://archivy.github.io) for information on other installation methods.

Commit message:

docs: move license to logo below content
It looks like the logo has more priority than the content. This blocks important information. A user would likely need to know first about archivy, before the license.

Content first, then license.

Moved archivy's logo license after archivy's license itself in a new section

README.md, after:

![logo](docs/img/logo.png)


# Archivy

Archivy is a self-hosted knowledge repository that allows you to safely preserve useful content that contributes to your own personal, searchable and extensible wiki.

Features:

- If you add bookmarks, their web-pages contents' will be saved to ensure that you will **always** have access to it, following the idea of [digital preservation](https://jeffhuang.com/designed_to_last/).
- Login module that allows you to host the service on a server
- Plugin system to allow people to publish and write extensions to archivy
- Notes are stored in an extended markdown format with footnotes, LaTeX math rendering, syntax highlighting and more. 
- CLI that provides a nice backend interface to the app
- [Git integration](https://github.com/archivy/archivy-git)
- Backend API for flexibility and user enhancements
- Everything is a file! For ease of access and editing, all the content is stored in markdown files with yaml front matter.
- Extensible search with Elasticsearch and its Query DSL
- Dark Theme


[demo video](https://www.uzpg.me/assets/images/archivy.mov)


Upcoming:

- Links between different knowledge base items
- Multi User System with permission setup.
- Option to compile data to a static site.

## Quickstart


Install archivy with `pip install archivy`. Other installations methods are listed [here](https://archivy.github.io/install)

Then run this and enter a password to create a new user:

```bash
$ archivy create-admin <username>
```

Finally, execute `archivy run` to serve the app. You can open it at https://localhost:5000 and login with the credentials you entered before.

You can then use archivy to create notes, bookmarks and then organize and store information.

See the [official docs](https://archivy.github.io) for information on other installation methods.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for more information.
The Archivy Logo is designed by [Roy Quilor](https://www.quilor.com/), licensed under [CC BY-NC 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0)
