docs/config.md, before:

Once you've [initialized](install.md) your archivy install, a yaml archivy config is automatically generated.

You can edit it by running `archivy config`.

Here's an overview of the different values you can set and modify.


### General

| Variable                | Default                     | Description                           |
|-------------------------|-----------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| `USER_DIR`      | System-dependent, see below. It is recommended to set this through `archivy init` | Directory in which markdown data will be saved |
| `INTERNAL_DIR` | System-dependent, see below | Directory where archivy internals will be stored (config, db...)
| `PORT`          | 5000                        | Port on which archivy will run        |
| `HOST`          | 127.0.0.1                   | Host on which the app will run. |


### Elasticsearch

All of these are children of the `ELASTICSEARCH_CONF` object, like this in the yaml:

```yaml
ELASTICSEARCH_CONF:
  enabled:
  url:
  # ...
```

This part will not be configured by default unless you specify you wish to integrate with ES.

| Variable                | Default                        | Description                           |
|-------------------------|--------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| `enabled`               | 1                              |                                       |
| `url`                   | http://localhost:9200          | Url to the elasticsearch server       |
| `search_conf`           | Long dict of ES config options | Configuration of Elasticsearch [analyzer](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/analysis.html), [mappings](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/mapping.html) and general settings. |


`INTERNAL_DIR` and `USER_DIR` by default will be set by the
[appdirs](https://pypi.org/project/appdirs/) python library:

On Linux systems, it follows the [XDG
specification](https://specifications.freedesktop.org/basedir-spec/basedir-spec-latest.html):
`~/.local/share/archivy`

Commit message:

Rename ELASTICSEARCH_CONF to SEARCH_CONF and make running of watcher configurable

docs/config.md, after:

Once you've [initialized](install.md) your archivy install, a yaml archivy config is automatically generated.

You can edit it by running `archivy config`.

Here's an overview of the different values you can set and modify.


### General

| Variable                | Default                     | Description                           |
|-------------------------|-----------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| `USER_DIR`      | System-dependent, see below. It is recommended to set this through `archivy init` | Directory in which markdown data will be saved |
| `INTERNAL_DIR` | System-dependent, see below | Directory where archivy internals will be stored (config, db...)
| `PORT`          | 5000                        | Port on which archivy will run        |
| `HOST`          | 127.0.0.1                   | Host on which the app will run. |


### Elasticsearch

All of these are children of the `SEARCH_CONF` object, like this in the yaml:

```yaml
SEARCH_CONF:
  enabled:
  url:
  # ...
```

This part will not be configured by default unless you specify you wish to integrate with ES.

| Variable                | Default                        | Description                           |
|-------------------------|--------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| `enabled`               | 1                              |                                       |
| `enable_watcher`        | 1                              | Whether or not to run the watcher that auto-syncs changes to dataobjs to Elasticsearch. Otherwise you can handle syncing yourself through `archivy search-index` |
| `url`                   | http://localhost:9200          | Url to the elasticsearch server       |
| `search_conf`           | Long dict of ES config options | Configuration of Elasticsearch [analyzer](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/analysis.html), [mappings](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/mapping.html) and general settings. |


`INTERNAL_DIR` and `USER_DIR` by default will be set by the
[appdirs](https://pypi.org/project/appdirs/) python library:

On Linux systems, it follows the [XDG
specification](https://specifications.freedesktop.org/basedir-spec/basedir-spec-latest.html):
`~/.local/share/archivy`
